angry
fuming
overflowing with anger
mad
vexed
irritated
cross
raving
in a frenzy
indignant
PART-01
How dare he be fired?! He was the best at his job. He worked hard day and night, killing innocent Bonks.NEWLINEJust because he'd let the work get to him recently, doesn't mean he should be let go!
He punched the wall of gridWorld. That'll show them for firing him.NEWLINEHe'd been in gridWorld for countless cycles, working for them, killing, slaughtering, just to get paid.NEWLINEHe should have seen it coming the moment he began to let some bonks escape.
He ran around in circles, chasing his tail out of frustration, tired of the nonsense he'd had to put up with.
Running, he waded through the white console void, back into the darkness of eclipse, muttering under his breath.
Shooting deadly glances at everyone he passed, he stalked off into the eclipse.
PART-02
He began to head towards his local byte bar. Flicking the last of his money at the bartender, he devoured memory, rage engulfing him.
He began to run back to his house, feet pounding on the ground,NEWLINEhitting open the switch that held his cell shut he ran straight into the wall, not thinking, mind full of pain.
He stalked in a circle, occasionally shouting at passers by,NEWLINEspinning faster and faster until steam began to come off of the floor below him
He fell and began to slam his arms against the floor, screaming with rage,NEWLINEspit flying out of his mouth, his yellow skin contorting.
PART-03
As his anger grew, so did his heat. It grew hotter and hotter, before erupting in a blinding flash.NEWLINE Darkness engulfed everywhere. Bonks began to procreate freely, the gridWorld's barriers down.NEWLINEPeople and machinary screamed as more and more bonks appeared. Everything went black.
His anger grew with his pain until he collapsed. There was nowhere else for him to work, nowhere else that took zaps.NEWLINEHe was alone, with nowhere to go. All he could do, was sit, unwanted.
As his anger engulfed him, a figure approached. Suddenly, his vision went blank.NEWLINEHe felt movement, until suddenly his vision was restored.NEWLINE"We've been expecting you" came a voice. Could it be?!NEWLINEHe looked around him, at the dingey, rusted surroundings... yes!NEWLINEHe had finally made it tothe Zap underground resistance. 