ecstatic
over the moon
happy
joyful
cheery
merry
gleeful
delighted
euphoric
excited
PART-01
Finally! He was free from the torture of the gridWorld.NEWLINEFree to stop killing bonks and instead live his life.NEWLINESkipping, he headed out of the white void of the console, stepping into a bustling road.
Grinning, he jumped for joy! He couldn't believe it. After so many cycles of torture and pain,NEWLINEso many cycles of insufferable violence, his time was finally over.NEWLINEHe ran as fast as he could, away from the ominous, ever shifting gridWorld.
Clenching his fists, he punched the air.NEWLINEHe was finally free of the boring work, finally free to go and do what he wanted, live his dream.
He yawned. At least outside gridWorld smelt better.NEWLINEThe rotten stench of dead bonks had begun to get to him and he couldn't continue killing.NEWLINEHe stretched and began to stroll. 
Smiling, he began to walk. GridWorld is not somewhere you want to work for long.NEWLINEEventually the identical environments get you down. He began to walk.
PART-02
Strolling up to his house, he shouted "Honey! I'm hooooome!".NEWLINEImmediately, his wife came to greet him, tears in her eyes.NEWLINE"I can't believe you're back. After so many cycles I'd feared that we'd lost you forever."NEWLINEShe embraced him as his children came into view.
Beginning to run, he headed to his local park, 1s and 0s being pushed aside as he breathed in the fresh, dust free air.NEWLINEI'm free free free! He thought.NEWLINEHe began to run towards a hideout he'd had before he was recruited.NEWLINEThere it was. Still containing his old supplies.NEWLINEHe grinned and began to message the Zap underground resistance. "Guess who's back, baby"
He approached the tower of registers, sweating. He'd always wanted to apply for this job, and now he was here.NEWLINEHe walked in, shook the receptionists hand and walked into the interviewNEWLINE...NEWLINE...NEWLINE...NEWLINETen minutes later, he was hired. He leant back on his chair.NEWLINE"I can't wait to begin to design gridWorld 2.0" he thought.
Leaning back in the warmth, he stared up at the red sky, listening to the ever present sound of the fan.NEWLINELife was good. He smiled to himself and closed his eyes,NEWLINEhe felt like he could sleep for eternity.
PART-03
He was free and he was happy. What more did he want?
He grinned. "Freedom. How sweet the taste." He thought as he sat down, content with his surroundings.
He raised his eyebrows and smirked. "Who'd have thought I'd ever escape?" he thought to himself.
