sad
tearful
miserable
traumatised
woeful
downcast
glum
gloomy
unhappy
dejected
regretful
depressed
PART-01
He was free, but his mind wasn't. All that killing. All that torture.NEWLINEHow could he have done it all?NEWLINEThe money wasn't good and there were no job bonuses. He slumped down, outside of gridWorld.
Crying, he slumped down and curled up, bonks' screams ringing in his ears.NEWLINE This was not him. This was not how he was brought up.NEWLINEHe should be fixing, not breaking.
He fell over, and burst into tears. All he could think of was the GridWorld.NEWLINEThe ever changing, ever white gridWorld, full of bonks that he'd destroyed. 
He pounded on the door. "NO! LET ME BACK IN!" he screamed.NEWLINEHe couldn't handle it out here. Here things changed.NEWLINEHere things were different. No one told him how to act() out here.
He walked over to a wall and began to scratch his name in it.NEWLINEIf he was fired, he couldn't support his family, but he would definitely leave his mark.NEWLINEHis heart sank as the wall failed to respond to his touch.
PART-02
How could he ever support his family now?! No income, no excuse for not being at home,NEWLINEhis Wife having to work most days. He shook his fist up at the screen.NEWLINE"Oh cruel typer. Why did you fire me?!"
He couldn't breathe. Nothing had ever changed this fast in his life.NEWLINEFor as long as he could remember, he could only do things every second.NEWLINEAnd now, he has to make things for himself?! A tear rolled down his cheek.
He sobbed and breathed heavily. Someone had to tell the Zap Underground Resistance about this.NEWLINEThe monstrosities in the GridWorld could not go unheard.
PART-03
As he sat there, a familiar face sat next to him. "Hey, it's me.".NEWLINEZ-1, a Zap made before the grid, shook his hand. "Any news for the resistance?".NEWLINEHe stopped crying, frowning. "Oh, I have plenty." He said.
As he lay, slumped against the wall, he felt something strange.NEWLINE"N-n-nn-n-nno, please!" he cried, before the console floor slowly enveloped him, leaving nothing but his hat.
He slumped down against the wall, nothing left for him to do.NEWLINEFamily unable to survive without his job, Zap Underground Resistance probably long since gone,NEWLINEhe sat and stared, listening to the gridWorld's walls shift and move as a new world was created,NEWLINEand an old one faded from reality.